Minigame Madness itself is public domain software, released under the
Unlicense.  The full text of the Unlicense follows for your
convenience.

However, Minigame Madness is dependent on some files which are not in
the public domain.  Details on these files follow, beneath the Unlicense
text.  The licenses for these files do not affect the public domain
status of those files which are original parts of Minigame Madness;
however, they will affect the license terms of compiled binaries which
incorporate them.

---

The Unlicense

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>

---

Compiled binaries of Minigame Madness will contain Godot Engine code,
and will thereby be subject to the Godot Engine license.

Please refer to <https://godotengine.org/license> for more
information.

The Godot Engine itself contains many third-party assets which may
also affect the licensing of compiled Minigame Madness binaries.  For
more information on complying with the terms of these licenses, please
refer to the following link:
<https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/about/complying_with_licenses.html>

---

Included with every copy of Minigame Madness is the song "Skippitybop"
by Spadezer, which is released under a Creative Commons
Attribution 3.0 Unported License.

For more information, see <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/>
